yes yes yes this is Dora Dora parents
care clinic and I like to welcome you to
a love of one of my videos I got a
question for you are you suffering from
dandruff or are you losing your scalp
did you know that just the side of
damage could be a clue that you could be
leading to a little could be leading to
baldness so what you need to do is have
a proper harris calc test before so you
can get to the root of your particular
problem remember everybody's problem is
different different people different
scales different things going on so you
to find out what's going on with you
that's a lot of imposters out there they
can look and anybody can look but not
everyone know what to look for now what
this damage could do is a result an
unnatural shedding and these irritating
shampoos that people use regularly they
have proverbs them that's very harsh and
now what that do it leads to more break
down to the to the scale okay and so
we'll just do is ravalli a feeding
ground really but for dandruff there's
just one thing that can happen
but now here at doors hair and scalp
Democrats all clinics you can find the
shampoo that we use and it's only here
are it so grow your hair calm it has the
number one ingredient to fight against
dandruff what to do is it have control
place before they start and it's a
natural sugar for the tab it helps a
little alleviate okay the itch the place
and the help of scales who get better
faster so what you need to do is have a
proper test done only at doors hair and
scalp then control clinic or visit knee
they so grow your hair com download your
confidential announced report and get to
the root of your particular problem not
wait
you